hi so Jayla decided she wanted to be
Black Widow Black Panther and Black Swan
in the same movie and yeah I thought she
did a decent job I know she'd become
that feminist that other feminists want
to bash there's people making videos
pointing out the irony and her
complaining about the wage gap and she
even just got nominated for a Razzie
even though she was like acting her hot
out in that thing but look if we're just
talking about this little two hour movie
right here I think it's worth the rent
it let me explain now this whole movie
takes place overseas like you're in
Russia you're in all these other foreign
countries but luckily ugly is two hours
long and they all speak English you got
the Americans who have a Russian mole
they're trying to protect the Russians
are trying to figure out who the Russian
mole is and then Jennifer Lawrence is
showing off every mole in her body
here's how things play out
Dominika right here is like this super
famous ballerina who performs for
massive crowds obviously her understudy
super jealous and the understudy decides
to make up this plan where she straight
up Kevin where's her leg Sanaa she ain't
got no job she still has to take care of
her Methuselah and it turns out that her
uncle just so happens to be like this
Russian CIA guy and he tells her yup go
seduce the sky become a secret agent for
us and I'll give you like a bag of rice
now I'm not complaining about the
premise of the movie I think it's pretty
interesting except for the fact that
your secret agent is freakin famous
that's like us sending out Lee Monroe
Miranda to infiltrate a foreign country
you're just you just thrown away your
shots they put her in this school for
like gifted Russian kids and I kid you
not
one of the classes just consists on them
watching pornhub to learn seduction half
the time these kids are being forced to
strip they force coconut head over here
to give a scumbag a [ __ ] it's a it's
Catholic school she graduates with the
same degree Natasha and Boris God and
gets tasked with spying on joel edgerton
the american but she does way more than
that i think the default love story in
these kinds of movies get kind of bland
like you've seen it over and over and
over again but then they start playing
with that double agent type stuff which
which i think is kind of interesting
like she's not working with the
americans but then gets caught and so
she's working with the Americans to just
get stuff for the Russians so when they
release her she doesn't tells the
Americans that she's working with the
Russians to work with the Americans to
spy on the Russians
she's just
team joes d that's what she is the
biggest choice that the movie throws to
you is this the russian mo that they're
all freaking out about and looking for
is alfred and this guy right here is a g
because he's actually part of the
russian intelligence he's the guy who
actually starts the investigation on
himself on top of that this dude's all
like look I'm old Jennifer Lawrence i'ma
die so if you turn me in not only will
you become a hero for Russia but they'll
put you in my place and you can pretty
much continue being the mole for America
and continue this on for years to come
the old switcheroo plan is pretty much
set but then this dude appears and I
know everyone's freaking out about guns
right now but let me tell you what this
man does with a knife is horrifying my
man's actual name is sebastien hawk so
you know he was born to be a trained
torturer I'm talking about in this scene
he goes straight up Buffalo Bill and
starts peeling joel edgerton skin like a
potato
lawrence has to sit there and pretend
like everything's cool so she doesn't
give herself away this thing was worse
than that nice scene in the right to the
thing leaves their bodies looking like
Chucky's face this thing has me wincing
every time those Cutco kids try to sell
me something over the phone it's a scene
that obviously sets up lawrence to get
even more ticked off than when she was
making the same amount per hour as a
male co-stars so she decides to turn in
the mall at this point you're sitting
there going rob but why is his movie two
hours long why are we getting random
scenes of her setting up bank accounts
for her uncle why are we seeing her copy
her uncle's Passport why is she stealing
comps and planting them in her uncle's
house just continuously showing that her
uncle is clearly using her to be a read
spare of a damn she uh damn she plays
them turns out that she was just playing
her uncle the entire time so that she
can set him up and turn him in as the
mole she ends up going back to Mother
Russia in this exchange the uncle get
sniped as they're giving him over to the
Americans she becomes a hero to Mother
Russia gets defeat a Russian mother and
continues her relationship with her
American boyfriend over the phone no
wonder our country's debt is so high
when they got these international calls
thank you guys for watching this video
I've curious to know your thoughts let
me know if you liked it if you didn't I
remember a couple years back everyone
was freaking out about those leaks that
Jennifer Lawrence had well
yes she got a lot more leaking out in
this movie so let me know your thoughts
about this movie any other ones y'all me
to cover don't forget to comment like
and subscribe down below and if you do
you can win yourself a full red sparrow
scholarship